10.24 

@6:28 AM
    After a long nap, Mercedes finally got something workable but it ended up in another folder
    as to avoid any mishaps in our repo and mess it up. (we new to this, not true to this{yet})
    So i've been working on getting it to run on my device and now I'm going to work on 
    all the fixes and additions from where she left off that she mentioned in our shared notes

@6:54 I was able to integrate the "new folder" inside the repository so now our changes are being tracked
at first since I'm newbie, the committ said like 10k but i later learned it was just the dependencies
so i put all the dependencies in a gitignore file 

@ 7:05am having problems comitting the new folder

@8:35am I was able to fix some of our problems( error message and repo) but i think we're just going to have to make a new
repo because after integrating the new folder into the repository folder.... no commits are going through because its
a large file. 
now i will work on updating our UI with Figma

@11:25 am We are still trying to see on how we want our UI to look like and then after we have to figure out how 
we want to implement our chat bot. We have not created a new repo yet but after nappies we will. But, nappies after i get an idea of UI 
and s light idea on how to implement AI agent. 


+ This app is more catered to people who are low-income it's designed to be forward looking,
feel calm without guilt and solution driven unlike most apps who cater to people
who already have lots of money, investment, etc

+ green makes people feel calm

+ if expense are more than the upcoming expenses it will trigger the AI agent
        - need some help?
        - why is my bill so high ? energy saving tips

    !! lets focus on the actual feature and implement other UI elements later
        - look up ai agent adk 

@ 10:32pm we ended up messing up the entire code of the previous version of our project
trying to integrate our own UI design in FIGMA. We did not cook so we created a new version only utitilizing html 
and its proving to be so much easier for our skillset 